[Music]
Hello my dear Lovers of the
heart I hope you're enjoying
the day the gossip is not resting on this
occasion the one who has spoken out is none other
than Antonio Carrasco the
brother of Pedro Carrasco father of Rocio
Carrasco boxer and husband of
Rocio Jurado herself this
weekend Raquel Mosquera the wife of Pedro
Carrasco the widow of Pedro Carrasco did
not leave her ex brother-in-law in a good place
because well he had made a
statement about him quite quite
shady He wasn't saying that they didn't have
a very close relationship that they never
had in fact Antonio Carrasco
only called his brother to
ask about the inheritance instead of
worrying about his health by the way
Antonio Carrasco has an
incredible resemblance to his brother eh he's
very impressive and he doesn't say anything that in fact They
even owed each other that Antonio
would have asked his brother to
lend him money and he never returned Antonio has not
wanted to say much on the
subject he has spoken for the reason with
our dear Marina hernal to whom we
sent a  huge hug and I
recommend that you read every day in
La Raza and Marina Hernal from what he
tells us is that Antonio has said my wife
and I have decided not to comment on the
matter and we will continue with the line of
silence until I see listen something for
which I consider that they have to talk
to see if they accuse me of something
so ugly that I do not call my brother
just to ask him about the
inheritance man I think at least
deny it No, I'm not telling you to come in and
that's a lie I'm not going to give
explanations but I was worried about
my brother and I loved him like no one else what's
going to be something like that No I don't owe
my brother anything my brother
gave it to me because he's my brother and he gave it to me and that's it
I who know anything no but
well the man has said that it
seems very concise to me mother it seems like
a pretty good answer no I
would answer no if I were clear about it and on the
other hand of course Antonio that
well this well we did not imagine In
fact he was not only the best man at the
wedding but publicly in the
latest events  of the documentary and
everything else that has surrounded Rocio Carrasco, they
have said, she has
come out to speak out, she hasn't said anything again, and to
make it clear that to this day, and after
everything she's seen, she continues to support her
niece to the death and that she defends her without
hesitation. But anyway, these are the
statements that Marina
Ennal has obtained, you have the full article in La
Raza in case you want to see more in
depth. My opinion is that it's
too
bland for the one for the one for the
accusation that Raquel Mosquera made against her.
A very good response,
I know, then it leaves you, it leaves you like that, it doesn't
leave you, it leaves you half-crooked, not this
type of response. No,
when someone accuses me of something that
ugly, it's not very easy to just take it and deny it, but it's
not even that, family, what do
you think? I'll be reading the
comments box, don't forget to subscribe
to the Channel, we're on the way to 60,000, and I
send you a huge hug.
[Music]